OK you guys let's go ahead and let's bring our animation into unity.
So the first thing we need to do and we create a new document and unity is we need to come down here
to where it says assets in the bottom of the screen and we're going to right click in there and then
we're going to come up to her says create and then we're going to create a folder which is the first
one on that list.
Go ahead and click that.
And let's call her folder animation.
Great.
Now next we want to do is we want to import our sprite sheet.
So the way we're going to do that is by right clicking on our folder coming up to where it says import
new asset we'll click that and then we're going to grab our sprite sheet wherever you've saved as a
ngi number going to import that great.
So now that's imported.
We need to change our sprite mode.
Up here in the top right corner of the screen and we need to change that to multiple.
This means that there is going to be multiple sprites on our sprite sheet which you can see down here
obviously our characters are multiple frames.
So next what we want to do is we want to change our compressed format to true color.
What that's going to do is it's going to give us the true original color that we created our character
in there we're going to go ahead and apply next roll we want to do is we want to come up here to where
it says Spryte Ed. We're going to go ahead and click that and you'll see it brings up a little window
here with our sprite sheet.
But we need to do is we need to cut these out into separate sprites.
Luckily in unity there is a software an algorithm that will automatically do that for you.
So we're going to come up here to work a slice and we're going to leave the type automatic and the pivot
at the Center for the purposes of this course.
I'm just going to be showing you how to bring these into unity and get them set up for animation but
I'm not really going to go into any detail on how you incorporate this into your game.
So what we'll do is we'll just leave it as is and we're going to go ahead and slice.
Now as you can see it's sliced each one of our character out and anything that has no pixels on it is
going to be left out.
So each one of these are their own individual Spryte now.
Go ahead and hit apply appear in the top of the screen great.
Once that's been applied we can go ahead and exit out of this window.
And next what we want to do is we want to create a new game object.
So over here in the create tab we're going to right click and come down to where it says create empty
and not just created a new game object for us.
Next what we want to do is we want to relabel that game object so up here and the top or right hand
side of the screen where it says game object.
We're going to rename that character
next what we need to do is we need to add an animation tab.
So coming over to the left side of our screen towards the top is a little drop down icon.
We're going to go ahead and click that it's right next to this lock icon and then we're going to come
down to add.
And then we're going to come down all the way to animation and we're going to add that in Cinelli added
an animation tab in there for us.
You can go ahead and widen that if we like.
Now what we need to do is we need to create our first animation so we're going to go ahead and hit create
and we need to name our animation now.
So the first one is going to be you walk right go ahead and save.
Great.
So we just created our first animation.
But as of now there are no frames in our animation so we need to put those into our animation.
We come down here to our sprites in the assets folder.
You'll see that there is a arrow next to our sprite sheets.
We need to click that and it'll open up each one of our sprites.
And what we want to do is we want to select all of the sprites that are part of the walk right cycle.
So that would be from this guy to this guy.
We're going to click and drag those into our animation timeline and now they've been added in.
Now let's go ahead and play it by hitting the play button here and see how it looks.
All right.
As you can see it's way too fast.
So let's go ahead and pause that the way we can change the speed of our animation is by coming over
here to where it says samples and then what we need to do is we need to change the number 60 to a smaller
number.
So I'm going to go with something more like 8.
And now let's play that and see how it looks.
Now looks much better.
Great.
Now let's go ahead and let's create our next animation.
So what we'll do is coming right here to this dropdown tab that says Walk right.
We're going to click that and then we can come down here to where it says create new clip and we're
just going to do the same thing again but this time we're going to name our animation.
Jump right.
Go ahead save and let's do the same thing once again.
We'll select all of our jump right sprites which would be this guy to this guy and we're going to click
and drag them into the animation timeline.
Now we can go ahead and change our sample rate or frame rate to eight frames per second.
Then let's go ahead and play that and see how it looks.
Great.
Now you'll notice that when he jumps he's not actually moving up into the air like he was before.
Now the reason for this is because when you're playing a game you don't want your character's animation
to jump up.
You want his actual object to jump up.
So it needs to be built into the physics of the game that the character goes up when the spacebar or
whatever key triggers the jump is pressed.
So that's why he's not moving up.
All right let's go ahead and create our final animation.
So we'll go ahead and click where this bar says jump right we'll create a new clip we'll call this one
hover right save and we'll grab all of our hover sprites and we'll drop them into our timeline.
Change the sample rate to 8 and let's play that and see how it looks.
Awesome.
So now just go ahead and do that with the other left side of your sprites and you'll be set and ready
to start creating your game.
Now depending on whether you're a programmer or an artist you may not need this information but it's
good information have.
Even if you are an artist because it's good to understand parts of the process of programming if you're
going to be creating game artwork for programmers.
Well that brings us to the end of this course.
I'm so glad that you decided to join me in this course and learn how to animate your own characters
in Photoshop.
If you have any questions at all go out and ask them in the Q&A section of the course and I will answer
every question guaranteed.
Thanks for taking this course and I just want to let you know I appreciate you as a student.